Add documentation on some of the URDF extensions used in the wild (#11)
ami-iit/awesome-urdf: README.md

- [Foxglove Studio](https://foxglove.dev/urdf) - Visualization app for web or desktop, supports URDFs as well as arbitrary bag or [MCAP](https://mcap.dev) data. [MPL-2.0]
- [URDFormer](https://github.com/WEIRDLabUW/urdformer) - Given an image, URDFormer predicts its corresponding interactive 'digital twin' in the URDF format. 

### Extensions

> Several libraries and groups have extended the URDF format behind the official spec, a brief list is provided in the [`urdf-extensions.md`](urdf-extensions.md) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several libraries and groups have extended the URDF format beyond the official specs, a brief list is provided in the [`urdf-extensions.md`](urdf-extensions.md) file.
```
